hello everyone its Alaina and I'm back
with another cambridge blog it's Monday
and almost ready to go and get breakfast
and then I'm gonna go to the faculty do
a bit of reading there and then I have
my first lecture off the day and
normally it would be having two lectures
today but I'm actually having a doctor's
appointment so I can't go to my second
lecture but my friend agreed to send me
her notes so yeah what I'm planning to
do is I'm gonna go for my first lecture
and then I'm gonna head to the surgery
and give it to my doctor's appointment
and then I'll just catch up on the
lecture tonight and I also have a
supervision today which I normally don't
because normally I have my supervision
on Friday for civil law but my
supervisor couldn't make it so he
reschedule it to today so yeah the plan
for today is one lecture a doctor's
appointment and my supervision and
hopefully getting some reading for my
supervisions
on Thursday and Friday done in between
so yeah that's the plan
[Music]
and I'm back in my room now so I have my
one lecture my dark disappointment and
then I went and got myself some really
really healthy lunch as you can see
yeah really living the healthy student
life here um but I did it because um see
Jenna and I would normally go to
McDonald's on Mondays after digital
verification crops um but digital
verification curbs kept canceled so see
Jen was like oh it's just some healthy
cooking and I was like yeah sure I mean
I really love it when she cooks because
it's really really good but I need my
doses off McDonald's so I just quickly
went get myself some lunch and now I'm
just gonna eat that and probably read a
bit in this book I really really love
this book I just started I'm somebody
recommended this to me through my blog
thank you so much it's really really
good I love it um this is not sponsored
as usual this is really just me giving
away you know my advisor reading it's
really really weird in a way because
when you start reading it you're like
there's something really wrong about the
situation but you don't really know what
so it's about a married couple and it's
a bit weird because um the wife just
never seems to go out and it appears a
bit like she's kind of trapped in the
house but their marriage seems so
perfect so like can it really be
something hidden there honestly
it's really really a good read because
you keep reading and you keep up taking
hints about there is something wrong but
you don't know what so yeah I think I'm
probably gonna finish this in like two
days because it's really really
so yeah that's pretty much my plan now
and then I'm gonna do some readings as
usual and then I have my supervision at
five o'clock and my super is one hour
and half that I'm gonna go and have
dinner see Jen so yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
and it's almost time for my supervision
so I'm just gonna grab my laptop and my
iPad and go over to Trinity where I have
my civil ou supervision and after that I
probably just quickly drop by my
pigeonhole and see if I have anything
new and then I'll go and get dinner so
CJ and I actually decided to cancel our
dinner because we are both really really
tired because this week we have to
prepare for free supervisions because as
civil supervision have been moved so it
was just kind of like a lot and
especially because I although we did
prep our supervision last because I can
have to go over it no but again again
just to make sure that you know when you
walk into my supervision you're prepared
so we were both like let's just show in
our room in our PJs then you know do
nothing so yeah that's what I probably
just gonna get some dinner for take away
in the buttery and yeah then probably
gonna do a few more readings for
constitutional law I did make quite a
bit of progress on constitutional law
over the afternoon so I'm quite proud of
that and yesterday I'm just gonna go for
my supervision this is what my
supervision preparation looks like the
civil law and there's just a lot of you
know like graph drawing there because
it's like quite complicated like the way
things are arranged so it's easier to
like draw it out and yeah by the way I
guess if you want to know how I add my
um drawings into my documents I usually
use either a notability document where
you can have text and drawings or I just
you don't export the drawing as a file
and just put it in there so that I can
have both of them but it's easier if you
do it in notability because it actually
allows you to search your handwritten
text as well but yeah I did this 100
pages so can't search my handwritten
text but well I find easier to you know
draw these things out so yeah now I'm
just gonna head over to Trinity and I
make for my supervision now and it
actually runs really well surprising me
because normally civil OSI my weak spot
but this time it went well and I
actually managed to get my supervisor to
do point he's like I don't know I need
to check um so yeah that's that feels
good you know he's nobody is you guys
saying no yes and you just feel like
they are like the people who know
everything and you just feel like you
have no idea so yeah
feeling great really feeling great and I
I just felt like I really knew exactly
what's going on this time so that was
really great because normally civil law
has been confusing for me so I'm really
glad that this supervision went well
especially because I put a lot of work
into preparing it especially drawing out
a lot of diagrams because very often I
get a bit lazy you were drawing them out
and then I just like write it down but
it's a lot easier if you visualize it
but it takes longer because you need to
read the text more carefully you know
just like draw the diagrams
Ravin interest you know jotting down
sentences and so yeah definitely put a
lot of effort into so I'm glad it paid
off also I went to my pigeonhole and I
got some mail and I think I know what
this is at least I hope it is what I
wanted to be because I ordered a TV show
on Amazon and I mean I have Amazon Prime
so I was like hoping to you know just
download in but the downloaded version
was like a pound more um we're broke
University students so we're not paying
about more so I ordered the DVD version
and if it is what I wanted to be then
it's the TV show a discovery of witches
I read the books and they were really
really good if you're interested I'm
gonna link the books and DVDs down below
so yeah I think I'm just gonna unpack
this and if it is what I wanted to be
I'm just gonna watch an episode of that
and eat my takeout dinner while doing
that okay so it actually is what I
wanted to be you which is great um so
yeah gonna you know enjoy an episode of
that and eat my dinner and after that
I'm gonna get back to constitutional law
because the reading list is very long as
usual constitutional law tends to be
quite massive but I really enjoy it so
yeah I guess it's good that it's my
favorite subject out of amol because
it's also the one with the longest
reading list so yeah but now let's take
a break so it's a few hours later and I
was very very unproductive in these
hours because the TV show that I got is
really really good and I was kind of
like well I'm really tired anyway so I
kind of like justified my laziness and
basically I spent the past hours on my
bed watching a discovery of witches to
be fair it's
really really good I'm gonna link it in
the info box if you guys are interested
this is also not sponsored I just really
like it um but yeah basically I didn't
do a lot of work I'm too sad to get up
after two episodes um although I
initially promised myself from one but
after two episodes a dick get up did a
bit of reading but I was just super and
productive and I feel like I wasn't
really absorbing the information um
sounds like now um I'm gonna give myself
a third episode and yeah now I'm
probably just you know get ready for bad
and maybe watch one more episode that's
really good um and I think you know
sometimes you need you that just I give
yourself you know an evening off and I
think it's especially important because
I just had a super vision and super
visions tend to like fry your brain a
little at least for me I'll see is just
me justifying procrastination don't
listen to it so yeah
tonight it's just gonna be you know an
early night and a pretty lazy evening
and I think that's fine so yeah I guess
I'll see you guys tomorrow morning good
morning guys I just had breakfast and I
did breakfast in my room this morning
because I may or may not have been
watched of humor episodes of a discovery
of witches and I may or may not have
finished to see them so yeah that's that
um so yeah now that I bench watched an
entire season in less than 24 hours I
guess it's time to get back to work so
yeah I wasn't very productive this
morning obviously but I did download a
lot of my readings I need to do so
that's just you know you have to do it
like you have to exert for the readings
because in university a lot of times you
don't have those things and that's
really like you know a job where you
don't really need to think you just need
to don't copy and paste such a research
machine so I decided I could give myself
some time and watch a few more episodes
so yeah and now I'm just gonna grab my
books and I'm gonna head to recycle team
and my plan for today is to have my two
lectures and then I'm also gonna have
lunch at the faculty and then I'm gonna
go to the university library study there
for a few hours and then I go for my
last lecture today which is animal
rights law now animal rights law is not
compulsory as a subject but you can take
it it's an optional
and I find it really really interesting
so I'm gonna go there as well and after
that I'm gonna come back to college or
on six and then I'm probably gonna do a
few more readings but we'll see how
awake I am at that time so yeah now the
plot is just you know how to do faculty
go for my first few lectures and then do
a lot of reading for constitutional law
look who I found
I 79 hours yes I fell asleep at 9:00 and
work at 6:30 I a few glorious can we
talk about Elena's iconic me moment oh
my god
okay so Elena took the Etna no textbook
the only copy
so people were like well it's a strange
boy so here's some scans of it Elena
sent to me when we find it I can just
insert it here next to your face oh yes
so we yeah okay like the first night
Elena had a proper conversation okay not
really a conversation it's just like one
message and she pulls the meme yeah cuz
I never write on our group chat it it's
kind of iconic so it was good I was like
shocked actually sure
[Music]
and finally back in my room now it's
like 6:20 and I feel really exhausted
because this day has been quite long and
Tuesday is my longest day and I usually
spent my entire Tuesday in a faculty
Audion Westie library and that's why
it's just a very stressful day for me
and also there's so much reading to do
for constitutional law oh my god I
definitely underestimated that reading
list but yeah we're gonna get fruit
missed we all suffering together in the
law course so yeah we will manage
somehow
[Music]
and that's it for today I think I'm just
gonna go to bed now
and just check a quick shower before and
yeah then I'm gonna see how much I can
get done tomorrow but yeah today was
quite stressful but I am still
determined to finish that reading list
and I really hope I'll be able to so
yeah let's see how Chamorro goes good
morning guys it's Wednesday and I did a
bit of readings in the morning and I
just to say it's quite disheartening
because whenever you do like you know
like 60 pages or something you're like
yeah like that's an achievement you know
I've gotten forever and then you look at
your reading list you're like yeah only
16 more to go on this item also reading
list so it's like you know like you
think you're moving forward but like on
the reading list itself you're not
really moving forward because the
readings are so long and yeah that is
quite discouraging but we are
nonetheless can finish this reading list
I am still determined to make it so my
plan is to finish his reading list today
and I hope I can finish it and like the
early afternoon and then I can start
with criminal law and that means that I
will have to do a very intense day
tomorrow focusing just on criminal law
and hopefully being able to finish it
but yeah that's just because that
constitutional law reading list is
seemingly endless but we will manage I
am determined so yeah my plan for today
is to just do a lot of reading so as
much reading as I hand basically and
finish that constitutional law reading
list that's also why I'm in my study
hairstyle because nobody's gonna see
Elena today I'm gonna be inside reading
and that's gonna be my day so I fall I
can wear my study hairstyle because
nobody's gonna see it so yeah let's get
to work
[Music]
remember when I said that I'm wearing
this hairstyle because nobody can see me
today yeah
Elena realized her fridge is empty so
I'm going to Sainsbury's or see Jen I
feel like we have like two social
activities that we engage in one is
going to McDonald's the everyone is
going Sainsbury's and yeah that's pretty
much our friendship in a nutshell so
yeah we guarantee Sainsbury's because we
both need food we're back remember how I
said we do two things go exchange that
McDonald's
look where we are yeah guys Leah needs a
sponsorship with McDonald's please and
I'm back in my room now so I'm CJ and I
just quickly went to Sainsbury's cuz we
need food and now we had a quick snack
at McDonald's and now it's time to get
back to work because that constitutional
reading list is still not finished but
yeah let's see if we can make it
[Music]
oMG guys we achieved incredible
it's just me
anyway you were suffering with me so
it's we we defeated the reading list
because it's done finally that took a
while honestly that reading list was
very long quite intense and it was just
a lot but we did it it's done and all of
my notes are complete I did my problem
question and I can walk into my
supervision tomorrow be like that
reading list didn't defeat me oh I'm
feeling really proud right now because
honestly I was not really sure if I
could finish that reading this so it's
kind of a low point at the middle of it
and I was like how did he make oh my god
will I be able to do is but it's done
yay
now my second bori is will I be able to
finish criminal law because I'm
obviously a little bit behind so I'm
planning to do a few hours of criminal
law this evening and then finish it
tomorrow because my criminal law
supervision is only on Friday so in two
days but my constitutional law
supervision is tomorrow so let's see if
that will all work out hopefully that's
the plan for now
I'm not going to bore you guys with more
time lapses of me you know just doing
work and trying not to fall behind so I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow good
morning guys it's almost time to go for
my lectures I have two lectures today
and an hour break in between so I'll
probably just do more readings for
criminal law in that hour and what I'm
planning to do now is go and get
breakfast and do a bit of work into
faculty dinner for my lectures and that
break and then I'll have my supervision
after lunch and after that I'm gonna do
more readings for criminal law and
hopefully also finished my criminal law
reading list
luckily my criminal law reading list is
a lot lot shorter than my constitutional
law reading list I think I should be
able to manage it so yeah let's see how
that goes
[Music]
and I'm back for my supervision now that
supervision was quite intense because we
worked through a problem question and
this was the first problem question we
have ever done in constitutional law
because of constitutional law you only
get one kind of problem questions
because a lot of times the cases in
constitutional law they turn on things
you know you can't find in statutes and
it really goes to like the judges to
determine it based on like very very
complicated judicial reasoning so you
can't really do an easy problem question
in constitutional law and that's why
there's only one type of problem that
you will never have to examine but even
there gets quite tricky although you do
have certain principles that you can
rely on so yeah it was really
interesting to work for it because we
had to work for the problem ourselves
first and then I sat in that supervision
I was like whoa I think I identified
like three out of the eight issues which
are present in this case so yeah it was
quite intense but really get to work for
the problem together and now we have to
write a response to an actual problem
question for our supervisor so yeah that
will be due on Saturday so I'll focus on
that after I did criminal law now I'm
gonna give myself a bit of break read a
bit in this book don't worry I'm not
gonna bore you with another description
of this book I think a fangirled enough
about it in this blog but I really love
it
um so I'm gonna give myself 20 minutes
maybe make some tea read this book and
then I'm gonna get back to criminal law
and hopefully finish it in the course of
today
[Music]
and oh my god guys I made it I'm done
with criminal law so I just hand wrote
these things and good nodes and there's
like a lot more notes at the end but
basically I just filled in these things
for different sections of the Act
although for one of these sentences I
had no idea what my supervisor was
getting at and yeah the rest of my notes
are just you know handwritten notes from
whatever I took from the texts so yeah
I'm really really glad that I managed to
finish this reading list as well and my
second reading list for the week done I
can say that I actually managed to
finish all my work this week which is
really really great and I actually
managed to get through B's reading list
although I was quite behind because of
constitutional law but I finished and so
I thought this would be a good time to
end the vlog have such good news now
finished both reading list so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog thank
you so much for watching if you're
interested in the book or the TV show
that I watched this week I've linked
both from Indian for box below thank you
guys so much for watching have a nice
day bye